---
title: The Natural Beauty
---


The difference between a industrial sweet and a naturally grown fruit is distinctive mainly due to one aspect: one has true natural beauty, the other has not. Nature, Gaia, the Universe, God, or however you may call this higher living being that creates plants, fruits, and all natural things within and outside us has his/her own traits and engeneering signature. A flower petal is incredibly easy to decay as it is a living part of a being, and alike with any living element separated from its source energy is meant to decay. Even a still rock has life all around whichs sculpts, breaks, decompse it in small constant ways which we cannot deny - its alive. That is for me the trait which separates things that have natural beauty to things that do not. They adapt, they thrive or change, either growing or decomposing due to the enviorements way. Even further, one could say that everything is alive, either thriving or changing. Although the fundamental difference, is how much energy it takes to break resistence - what makes a plastic piece lasts thousands of years in earth and a mango cover gets decomposed in two months. The intrisic natural signature in all unmodified living things, grants them with imense capability to thrive or decompose within the enviorement. Their strenght is not endurance, rather, adaptability to any condition, in a molecular point of view. Processed foods and objects are so far way separate from their original elements, therefore resistence is created. All elements can return from processed to natural given enough time, though, time is survival in a limited resources universe, and therefore resistence, a quality of non-living things, is death. 

